Okay, okay, okay, this has been terrible,
man, this has been terrible, I don't
even find it funny anymore, eh, are you noticing something
here you're watching this,
man, neither
Marvel nor Marvel does these crossovers, I
mean, a
guy, a
guy who brought Dallas from the world of
cryptocurrencies,
a guy who brought Dallas to the world of cryptocurrencies, a guy who is
very healthy, okay, you know he
's very healthy,
a calm, polite guy, okay, who was
fighting with Delox, who was fighting, I mean, he's
collaborating with a 70-year-old lady from
Big Brother who harassed me and
stalked me in the señoreros
[Music]
what one, me and Dallas, I haven't seen
yet, what they talked about, okay, I
mean, people were freaking out, no, what
one, me and Dallas is, I mean, what
we joined Dallas and I is crazy,
man, it's
crazy, them and he ran away, the
best thing he's done, no more, less, so that
people a
little bit, It's that the only motivation for
them to
contact each other is
me, you can hear it And one little thing that's what it is that has
won me over, if he does it, go  be let's go
my king It's that here
everyone is going to Win you So he's going to
put things in their place for Javi
Because he says he's
going to Ah well overwhelm to report or
overwhelm to demand etcetera and go because
with that it would end a little with his
culture of fear with that with that
reign of culture of fear that
jav has Ah that he's going to report me ra okay
Aron today This guy on Twitter that I've
been like freaking out I mean freaking out it's
4 minutes I haven't even watched the
whole 4 minutes dude of this
pathetic show that they put on with this guy this
guy monetizing Frank's misfortune
this disgusting [ __ ] pig this
poor pig who cheats on him
and publicly humiliates his
own wife this poor pig who
created multi-accounts to tell
his wife he's traumatized by
These are According to this tweet the
last two live shows okay it's been going on for months
nonstop eh it's been going on for months nonstop
the last interaction he had with me
was it was the two of us in that space that
politely speaking no I mean you
see me missing  respect like that
because Miare didn't stop him this this
this pig here this pig who is
traumatized because I didn't want to now
suddenly that I'm never going to report
anyone ever you know it's my word
that I've always given you And that will be like that
Until the grave okay and let's go now
a limit has to be crossed that it be the children
For example okay I think it's gone too far
with Lorena I mean it doesn't cross my
mind to mess with the girlfriend I don't
remember what the girlfriend's name was it doesn't
cross my mind I don't even mess with
Nimu since I'm fighting with Delo
because of the fact and Nimu messes with me
eh I mean but it's level
eh I mean now for example if they give him
a strike or something like that because he's
doing it live he's not
doing it in K or anything okay it will be
my fault it will be my fault to have
with him that I wrote to him that please
so that they could sleep together that he was hitting
on Miare's mom right being
married to her with Lorena the great
Lorena that's how he was with Cristo bru eh too
eh to cristob bru also eh said that he
wanted to hit him and all that stuff until he got into a
fight with Dalas and then he does
n't want to hit him anymore he's his friend this
this pig this poor pig I am Chac
the alert is mine the alert It's about me
suck ass that poor unhappy [ __ ] pig
who
used to talk about talking his friend
Dallas saying this kind of things for
example according to this [ __ ] disgusting pig
liar mythomaniac compulsive failure
son of a [ __ ]
that he humiliates his own
illiterate wife a poor illiterate guy has been like this for
6 months eh I haven't reported it and I'm
never going to report it okay but
obviously
eh It's just that it's a real pain because
now if whatever happens it will be my fault
okay But the guy is it's strange if I
report him there if I look for a
lawyer there I report him eh I mean it's mind-
blowing eh he doesn't even have a
high school diploma I mean imagine
a guy who thinks he's a journalist but didn't
even graduate from high school
cool I'm Chaco he doesn't have the
secondary school the chupac this aside Why did he
cut his hair like a [ __ ] 9
year old boy I mean why did he cut his hair like
a 9 year old boy What happened to him I was
passing by here the mouse and there were like
threats eh but I don't know if it was in
this one or in another the face more stretched
than a damn league and and the hair that they
cut it as if it were tomorrow for
for his first day of high school
because because people create
multi-accounts and he creates
multi-accounts he says repeat there what what
they told him that I gave now but there was
like there was a part where he threatened me
but I don't remember which one it was
franqu the drawings and I will bring down
nimu a kiss ceral they dedicated themselves to
classifying him as nothing but this guy who
is here thinks he is a journalist But
okay I mean, charge him with a crime as such to a a
oliveras charge him with a crime as
such tell him call him convicted criminal
like he told me no I mean what
I told him convicted criminal is
that on top of that he starts to I don't know what the [ __ ]
listen the other day I was saying that
I  I said sexual harasser
and when I had just defended him, I mean, he's
going, he's a person who objectively
is not well, okay, criminal, I mean,
criminal as such when when we
see the sentence against this
clown we can call him a criminal
now that he has a look and a face, a haircut, a
mustache and that he talks like a [ __ ]
criminal Yes 100% I mean, he looks Ah okay,
I talk like a [ __ ] criminal
But there was another
click There was another that there was another click
that I mean, Peppa in this same live
has started to tell me that you have to see
that I was convicted for insulting in
the same live eh we have seen it before
in tes to the seo eh But what am I
telling you, I mean, then they don't monetize you, I don't
know what, I don't know how much and it's my fault
saig, I don't even know them, I mean, everything is all
like this, it's been going on for months, you
objectively don't worry grandpa
must be crying because he's not going to be
able to report you with what he's
telling you no yes, if he wants to throw away the money
and then pay cochas, I'm not going to
pay, he's going to pay everything that he
puts  but the La Movida because that
is a condemnation in costs the la And that I
sue but the M is that it has been like this for
months and your [ __ ] child and your [ __ ] wife
and you like this has been like this for 6 months 6 months Day
after day Pin Pin Pin Imagine that
suddenly they close some account or whatever it
will be my fault like they did with the
extra but it has been like this for months in that
tone okay
So what do I say to you already stop
no ag Ah well overwhelm to report or
overwhelm to sue etcetera and it goes because
with this it would end a little bit with his
culture of fear with that with that
reign of culture of fear that
Javi has I mean for me my die for that
initiative ra is going to be the Hero of many
many people that Javi has had
terrified or with a lot of fear I come
on this guy is an idiot the Angel eh I mean he
can be more stupid fear no but he
has me there on the list of
defendants I mean he says he's going to
sue me because I said that it seemed like an
outrage to me that he won  10,500 Well
you know that I know about crypto I know something not
like you but I know then what he
did with those who sold at the
maximum or in other words bought at the minimum
sold the maximum And that You know better
than anyone that that is like if you win
the lottery and more a guy who says that you don't
know anything about crypto and that and he says yes
the guy was telling me here the
other day that he
is not the best well in quote marks
better the Angel is going to have a lawsuit the
angel that he is going to lose it evidently
the Angel is going to have a lawsuit because
he started saying that I had that I had
made
privileged information and that I
had colluded with Dallas to
take the 10,000 and steal from the
pambisitos or rather
literal words imas and not only that but
in several live broadcasts afterwards he
reaffirmed he reaffirmed he reaffirmed
but the raay the other day on the space do you
remember that he was saying no no no no
you have not done that I do not know  how much yesterday or the day
before yesterday when I was with him, friend
of the owner of the coin, is that [ __ ] man
[ __ ] I mean and he's talking, I mean trust
yourself what they are, Angel is saying
that to the person who created the coin with
Dallas, the person who created the coin
with Dallas, he has him here on call and he's
accusing me of the crime, uncle, you
can't be more of a
clown, I mean they don't make any sense
because of course the criticism and the
accusations you have to take them
from whoever they come from, I mean, he has the
guy who created the coin with
Dallas on call and he's telling me that I
took the money because I'm the other guy's best friend
according to him, I mean, how can you
be so
stupid, hate gets the better of him, no no no no no eh Let's
see, it's not like he was the
smartest in the class, eh, the ag, but he's like
uncle, but if you're with the one who created the
coin with
Dallas, I mean, you're accusing me of
asking for more money for having too
much information when the RAE has said through AC
passively that that's not the case, that I never
had one iota and that and that  my
operations are, let's go, eh,
amateur Well, that's what I said in a decho
and he wanted to report me for that, well,
let's see what he says, nothing's wrong. I mean, let's
see what he says ra Wait, maybe he'll
correct it, his participation there in the
Pambi currency issue, it's more in
the collaboration that he had
later when laundering everything that
Dallas and his partner Fernando
Urdaneta did, what the [ __ ]? I
mean, he can't just go and say, man, it
's normal that Javi is going to
report you because what you're saying
is a lie, excuse me, no, no,
well, Javi's participation, I
mean, tell him, you're [ __ ] up, heh, launder my
work It was laundering, eh, Javel Iira was
one of the channels that even uploaded this one,
this serial scammer like
Urdaneta to justify himself and to
launder it and not only to launder it
but also to blame me, I uploaded it to
debate with you and I uploaded you, you were
here, I mean, that live broadcast was 7 hours long, the
Pambi live broadcast was the one that I play  he
did buly 7 hours they had me here like
when Cristina followed Fran the other
day for 7 hours and I let him go up I
let him go up to the delo then Dallas went up
then ra Lu went up the ra went up with
urdaneta or rather See if he's lying he
's telling me that I
and it's like no no you went up with urdaneta
ra you went up here with urdaneta and
then finally the one you
called the final Boss went up and he ate
delos But you went up with
urdaneta in fact the one who talked to me
was
ra the one who used to frequent the
live shows Around here the whole thing was that he
was here almost every night that he was
the one who had the most contact with me that he was the one who used to frequent the shows
I had never spoken
to Fernando and I have never spoken eh I mean I think
the only time I spoke to
Fernando was because he went up a
live show here he
didn't go up a live show here Fernando well
that day I followed him that same day I
had previous messages from
Fernando that he had written to me just in case
How to donate to Fran in August and I hadn't
seen him that I had  written
that the crypto issue Things are very
transparent I mean the block doesn't lie and
the blockchain issue is very complicated like
you what
happened this the blockchain issue is
totally impossible the
mental pirouettes that oliveira and that's why
oliveira also had to delete unet
then upload space with me to talk
about the bitmart issue dude on the bitmart issue
when I got on you said the same thing
I said
RAE be in the T I put false it's not
just the 25000 there were 400 what happens they
gave me a [ __ ] shitty community note
and it doesn't give me I don't feel like the
[ __ ] tip of my dick to
promote any [ __ ] who puts
a community note okay I mean I don't
remember which one of them it was r it wasn't I don't know
if it was the other one or the one with the motorcycle okay but they
put me a community note with
a link to one of their Twitters you
know and it doesn't come out of the tip of my
mipe with the repercussion that I have on
Twitter to promote any of them
Okay and borer t but no  Delete the TT
because it was a lie If I have an
extract or something but if you said
the same thing as
me Ray said the same thing as me about the 40,000 turkeys he explained it Anyway he agreed with me in his own way like he's doing here with the guy The opinions of these people are useless it's useless and the issue and the bitmar issue blew up in his face and he had to delete
the two tweets that he had posted which by the
way but what exploded in my face
but if you agreed with me but what exploded what
exploded in my face but if you agreed with me
the source of information is a
17 year old boy who is totally and
absolutely crazy he is mentally ill
this little guy is mentally ill who who is
lucito who is lucito who is my
source
lucito the amount of nonsense he
has said is reported by another
content creator named Nacho
for saying this word Who is Nacho the one
from the little ones but who is that
Nacho very strongly said something like
you already have cells  carcinogenic like that
and you're going to die like your
grandfather died Ah that's strong no ra that that's
strong no I mean this
This is from lucito
no I had no [ __ ] idea I've never seen it
in my
life I have it open there it's my [ __ ]
source of information luito [ __ ] is my
[ __ ] source of
information and this is Nacho his name is also
Nacho Ah look at this c
threatening kpu his
Look this was one of the ones we
dedicated to him because here
[Music]
Look look look
destroy it I swear I'm not
angry with anyone but the thing is that
guy is so obsessed brother
a disgusting obsession I don't know not even my
most toxic ex-girlfriend has been as obsessed
as that loser what is that I
swear I would rip that son of a bitch's head off with my bare
hands
and I'm that he's a person who is
like that he's a person who is like that
one of the editorial heads
of Ja oliveira I
mean he's one of my editorial heads
that kid from the tweet I don't know who he is
come on it's not even me  sounds like it's not
even one of the Oh, I've closed it, it's not
even one of the ones I know I mean, there
are people I know I don't know
all of you But there are people I know
obviously Not from seeing it And such But it's
that Lucito I've
never seen it Yes I have seen it I don't really know
if I have seen it I don't
know but that is my editorial source
editorial chief years sick that he is
your editorial chief and that you replicate the
information that a 17 year old kid
full of hate gives you Ah full of hate Okay, well he
is my editorial chief apparently that
kid